no no bueno Teddy snitches two motors to
take my riches been grinding and digging
ditches I used to be folding closing I'm
diamond and taking pictures used to be
taking buses now signing know where miss
biscuits live in my wish list disk in
your mistress helluva chemist mixing
these def with these limits can't black
me on too cocky I'm in the sky in the
jet the farm ears only one I like
Illuminati every girl to the pole gotta
turn your body okay and then I'm a boy
bitch sweaty say this retro game is
always so much choice this fuzzy eject
every button in my copy shoots rockets
foreheads of Corvettes in the suburbs
red atop unless you get polish stolen
jury in this game my Bogart
fatal fairy I'm a Gundam city's
leprechaun - stepping on wings they have
the system beyond just me myself enough
that's the knee just finished baking let
me get my slice of pie I know in every
tennis walking has to get it done to
finish conversations concentrating
contemplating ways to shine bright
bright side always before me consisting
what ambitious now they can't ignore me
she wanted answer so I helped to cheat
her man didn't study so she looking at
the geeks paper get it get it Bill Gates
Steve Jobs funny how he bashes not a
glasses thickest Zaza see me nigga
hear those bifocals I'm so vocal like
your local going loco in Kyoto in the
nine now will blow us our three girls
Powerpuff and blame my mojo she never
sleeping no Z's like they kill zero Goro
guy has for everything no Mary Jane for
spitting great weight on original dammit
eight
I mean sets right now like 20k for show
got a pocket aglow s internationals go -
since day one incline assistant - except
a masseuse running with no shoes post
the Masters show enough this mean
killing every rapper from A to B the
fucking leap years Gears of War Mohammed
score can never be reached like the
Earth's center just so another end of
semester with Anubis necklaces Bonus
Cash may you show your ass like a nudist
I better go toe to toe stood around the
globe local bloke Kindle student it was
the first to do this I know it was the
coolest dance customized one-of-a-kind
like myself so I probably like nobody
else ever did then this mobile suits se
you for thought I could fly I still do
the size of pills when you dreams this
real like